[website] Open 4 new roles (#27123)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/company/careers/developer-advocate.md

# Developer Advocate

<p class="description">We are looking for a developer advocate to educate on the latest features.</p>

## Details of the Role

- Location: Remote (preference for UTC-5 to UTC+4).
- Type of work: Contractor (full-time, convertible to an employee position in the future).
- Start date: Immediately.
- We're a remote company, we prefer asynchronous communication over meetings.
- We work independently, the rest of us won't know what you're doing day-to-day unless you tell us.

## About us

See the [careers](/company/careers/) and [about us](https://next.material-ui.com/branding/about/) pages.

### Why we're hiring

Both our open-source community and our premium products are growing fast (x2-3 YoY).
We need talented people to keep that going!

> In our [last developers' survey](/blog/2020-developer-survey-results/#5-how-can-we-improve-material-ui-for-you), we have learned that we can go a long way into allowing developers to be successful with our technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our [last developer survey](/blog/2020-developer-survey-results/#5-how-can-we-improve-material-ui-for-you), we learned that have a long way to go in helping developers to be successful with our technology.
```

### Why this is interesting

Our solution is empowering React developers to build awesome applications. It should be easy, it shouldn't require any advanced technical skills. Hundreds of thousands of developers use Material-UI every month.

## About the role

We are looking for a dedicated educator and experienced developer to join us as a Developer Advocate to help people get familiar with and use Material-UI most effectively.

### What you'll do on a day-to-day basis

- You will compose blog posts. You will be writing tutorials and other technical blog posts.

> - You will participate and Speak at events and online live streams. You will speak about Material-UI related topics on live streams and in-person events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will participate in and speak at events, and online live-streams.
```

> - You will create technical videos. You will create video tutorials, demos, and additional videos for the Material-UI YouTube channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will create technical videos, video tutorials, demos, and additional videos for the Material-UI YouTube channel.
```

- You will build apps, examples, and improve the documentation where needed.

> - You will give feedback to product management, to influence the roadmap of the products based on developers' needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will give feedback to product management, to influence the product roadmaps based on developers' needs.
```

## About you

### Skills you should have

- You are fluent in English (both written and spoken).
- You are a highly empathic person.
- You are passionate about helping other developers solve problems and have an educational mindset.
- You have some formal or informal experience in teaching: training, tutoring, mentoring, etc.

### What would be nice if you had, but isn't required

- Experience working with open-source and/or with the open-source community.
- Experience working with/editing video.

## Compensation

> A competitive compensation of up to \$140,000 USD/year, depending on the profile. It could go higher for a person that can significantly push the mission forward. You can find the other perks & benefits in the [careers](/company/careers/#perks-amp-benefits) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Competitive compensation of up to \$140,000 USD/year, depending on the profile. It could go higher for a person that can significantly push the mission forward. You can find the other perks & benefits in the [careers](/company/careers/#perks-amp-benefits) page.
```
